Remove "simple" part 4: change to "basic" (#36763)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/password/index.md

#### JavaScript

> This is just some JavaScript code to display the entered SSN onscreen so you can see it. Obviously this defeats the purpose of a password field, but it's helpful for experimenting with the `pattern`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript displays the entered SSN onscreen so you can see it. This defeats the purpose of a password field, but it helps experiment with the `pattern`.
```
